[EuiDataGrid] Fix header actions button causing cell height changes (#7999)
elastic/eui: packages/eui/changelogs/upcoming/7999.md

**Bug fixes**

> - Fixed a visual bug in `EuiDataGrid` where the header cell height increased when the actions button became visible

Reviewer: minor copy suggestion

```suggestion
- Fixed a visual bug in compact density `EuiDataGrid`s, where the header cell height would increase when the actions button became visible
```
